# ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Name** | **string** | Name of the connector | 
**Config** | **map[string]string** | Configuration parameters for the connector. These configurations are the minimum set of key-value pairs which can be used to define how the connector connects Kafka to the external system. Some of these key-value pairs are common to all the connectors, such as connection parameters to Kafka, connector metadata, etc. The list of common connector configurations is as follows - cloud.environment - cloud.provider - connector.class - kafka.api.key - kafka.api.secret - kafka.endpoint - kafka.region - name A specific connector such as &#x60;GcsSink&#x60; would have additional parameters such as &#x60;gcs.bucket.name&#x60;, &#x60;flush.size&#x60;, etc. | 
**Tasks** | Pointer to [**[]ConnectV1ConnectorTasks**](ConnectV1ConnectorTasks.md) | List of active tasks generated by the connector | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to **string** | Type of connector, sink or source | [optional] 
**Offsets** | Pointer to **[]map[string]interface{}** | Array of offsets which are categorised into partitions. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets

`func NewConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets(name string, config map[string]string, ) *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets`

NewConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets instantiates a new ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsetsWithDefaults

`func NewConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsetsWithDefaults() *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets`

NewConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsetsWithDefaults instantiates a new ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetName

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetConfig

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetConfig() map[string]string`

GetConfig returns the Config field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConfigOk

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetConfigOk() (*map[string]string, bool)`

GetConfigOk returns a tuple with the Config field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConfig

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) SetConfig(v map[string]string)`

SetConfig sets Config field to given value.


### GetTasks

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetTasks() []ConnectV1ConnectorTasks`

GetTasks returns the Tasks field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTasksOk

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetTasksOk() (*[]ConnectV1ConnectorTasks, bool)`

GetTasksOk returns a tuple with the Tasks field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTasks

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) SetTasks(v []ConnectV1ConnectorTasks)`

SetTasks sets Tasks field to given value.

### HasTasks

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) HasTasks() bool`

HasTasks returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOffsets

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetOffsets() []map[string]interface{}`

GetOffsets returns the Offsets field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOffsetsOk

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) GetOffsetsOk() (*[]map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetOffsetsOk returns a tuple with the Offsets field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOffsets

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) SetOffsets(v []map[string]interface{})`

SetOffsets sets Offsets field to given value.

### HasOffsets

`func (o *ConnectV1ConnectorWithOffsets) HasOffsets() bool`

HasOffsets returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


