# SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Version** | **int32** | The version number of the Materialized Table. | [readonly] 
**Statement** | **string** | The full SQL statement for the materialized table as generated by SHOW CREATE MATERIALIZED TABLE at the time of the evolution.  | [readonly] 
**Changes** | Pointer to [**[]SqlV1ResourceChange**](SqlV1ResourceChange.md) | Changes affecting resources since the previous version. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewSqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec

`func NewSqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec(version int32, statement string, ) *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec`

NewSqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec instantiates a new SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewSqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpecWithDefaults

`func NewSqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpecWithDefaults() *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec`

NewSqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpecWithDefaults instantiates a new SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetVersion

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) GetVersion() int32`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) GetVersionOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) SetVersion(v int32)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.


### GetStatement

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) GetStatement() string`

GetStatement returns the Statement field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatementOk

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) GetStatementOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatementOk returns a tuple with the Statement field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatement

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) SetStatement(v string)`

SetStatement sets Statement field to given value.


### GetChanges

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) GetChanges() []SqlV1ResourceChange`

GetChanges returns the Changes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetChangesOk

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) GetChangesOk() (*[]SqlV1ResourceChange, bool)`

GetChangesOk returns a tuple with the Changes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetChanges

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) SetChanges(v []SqlV1ResourceChange)`

SetChanges sets Changes field to given value.

### HasChanges

`func (o *SqlV1MaterializedTableVersionSpec) HasChanges() bool`

HasChanges returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


